---
layout: post
title: "PP Objective A"
author: BaronLuo
tags: PP
---

My learning goal is to find how the balance in game works and its connection with math. I want to learn why people get addicted to games because in the research and personal experiences, I found that one of the reasons for addiction is the game mechanics. In my project, I am going to create a game to show to players the balance in games affected players a lot. I am going to find more interesting things about balance in game when I would make the game. Since the game would be using dices, the theoretically probability is constant which could be calculate by using math skills. I could use this chance to improve my math calculation and probability calculation skills.

For the personal interest, I really like to play games and solve math problem in the real world. For games, I especially like to play board games, since board game could close people relationship and show the real personality of a person while playing the game. I want to engage into the topic related to this and let people their own know why they like to play games. In the basic research and personal findings, I found this topic is also related to some kinds of math problems, I think I could use mathematical method(s) to explain balance in game to my audience. For the product I will made is the game, since the game mechanics absolutely need a lot of calculations which is included in math area. The game itself is relate to my personal interest. My favorite, board game which is the kind I am going to make for my product.

I think the reason my goal personal is because the combine of math and games are kind of my own personal interest, it should be hard to find other having the same interest with me. Although they might get interested in the combination of math and game, they might not make the game themselves to show to players and audiences. This topic couldn’t be learnt by any of the subject, although it really related to math, math teacher can’t give you a lot of time to spend on discovering games. In my own opinion, I thought that I could learn and gain happiness in games but are abandoned from schoolwork. Also related to my own personal interest which are probability and board games, I think I could only do those in my spare time. This is why I think this is personal for me.

I have made 2 games in the 8th grade. I think this experience would give me a lot of ideas of what are the most important part of the game that play people addicted and what could let the game fun. This is the kind of experiences of my product goal. I think the previous knowledge should be the personal experiences of my learning goal which is from the game I played before. In addition, I think math is another part of my previous skills. I had a good grade and deep knowledge of probability which could help me to calculate the exact value of winning and losing probability in games.

The intended product for my personal project is a board game that people should easily get addicted to. The board game is going to be for 4 players with a collaboration/teamwork required. Apart from other element, it will include a dice, challenges, losing condition. I want to use this game to prove my original thesis statement that I made in the previous research and personal experiences. 

My success criteria are mostly based on the different faces of the game. For example, the most important success criteria should be the audience understand how the game is addicted to people. The relationship should be that the game balance is the reason why the game is addicted to people, and I want to put math into my game so that I could use math to prove my own thinking. My success Criteria separate into four parts, which are function, cost, customer, and material. The important part are function and customer. One is to let my audience know how my statement are made and one is to let my audience to feel how the statement are correct. For the cost and material, those are most likely constraints to not letting me spend too much money in this product. 

I think the planning process should be based on the planning timeline of making product and also the meeting. For the preparing to the product making, it should be finish in the end of June in the most last of school days so that I could start my product making in the July. After the first two week of July, I should finish my product making. From then to the October should be the date I am testing the game. In this time, there will be consistent with a lot of playing so that I would make sure if there are any problems in the game. I will have the first meeting with my supervisor at the end of June which is about June 21st. The second meeting should be back into school to check if the product is finished. The third meeting should be the conclusion at the very end about November. 

